Jaeger deprecation warning (#4144)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/apm/jaeger-integration.asciidoc

<titleabbrev>Integrate with Jaeger</titleabbrev>
++++

> WARNING: Jaeger is deprecated and will be removed in a future version from Elastic APM, since OTEL has removed all Jaeger exporters from their https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/2858[specification].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: Support for Jaeger is deprecated and will be removed in a future version from Elastic APM. https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/1.35/client-libraries/[Jaeger clients are deprecated] in favour of OpenTelemetry SDKs and OpenTelemetry has removed all Jaeger exporters from their https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/2858[specification].
```

> WARNING: Support for Jaeger is deprecated and will be removed in a future version from Elastic APM. https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/1.35/client-libraries/[Jaeger clients are deprecated] in favour of OpenTelemetry SDKs and OpenTelemetry has removed all Jaeger exporters from their https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/2858[specification].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
WARNING: Support for Jaeger is deprecated and will be removed in a future version from Elastic APM. https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/1.35/client-libraries/[Jaeger clients are deprecated] in favor of OpenTelemetry SDKs, and OpenTelemetry has removed all Jaeger exporters from their https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/2858[specification].
```
